man those were good big huge bit but I
feel that maybe a little rotund but not
fat no way bucko
I'm a major-league fatso if you get
broads the only action I see is from my
right hoof well maybe you should
exercise once in a while walking around
a mud hole a couple of times a day why
do I need to do that
why because I'm a chub Oh admit it
you're not a turbo you're a handsome
felt beautiful pigs good god what are
you a faggot my friend's a faggot
[Music]
Reverend all of his choir boys came over
to play some friendly hook we need two
more dudes I knew those dudes boys
Reverend I'm not that wound all he
speaks gibberish I can't understand a
word he says Oh Reverend the human sex
machine man of the cloth a contributor
to his community he's not unlike you
pansies dick you're lazy dumbasses out
off our mud hole and get the house dude
I don't think so old man you and your
pals are a bunch of fuck-ups we're not
moving we like poker and all but your
friends from church I kind of weird I
mean we dig you and all but not your
weird friends from church I don't know
dude the goat that guy is a complete
psychopath
that's no incentive for hugs booze we're
gonna watch some hardcore okay well
that's different
come on dick have that chance a
different light on it let's go
[Music]
what are we playing fuck your neighbors
I never heard of this game come on boys
[Music]
[Applause]
play gay backdoor action fours are wild
why are all games gay sounding yyk we
watchin guy-on-guy
porn videos well in that case I think
we're forced to have a five-way gay orgy
well it was called The Adventures of
pool cleaning my I assumed it was
heterosexual just shoot me in the head
would you dick all right you dumb
bastards let's get it on
z Kenny would you and the boys like some
microwave to artificial clam balls
[Music]
that's my goddamn wife baby got back in
front
thank you call a boy that is so sweet oh
I don't got all goddamn night
all right I'm not sure what's going on
in brown house back to her action is
that a normal poker hand or do I have to
do something weird that's a normal poker
hand what else would you expect what the
clergy in the room boys we need a
hairnet for your not know says you want
some more wine now bitch you just get
off for that dead ass yours
gimme some more wine would you think
getting that alone any more booze I
don't want to be responsible for marble
mouth plowing and the people on the way
home
dick you get them some more booze no way
Z pardon my pigs rooting his ribbon I'll
get the hooch your eyes ain't that red
right back
sweet lord these guys you probably want
to get a barrel a chest my macho arms
I've been working out little visual
treat for some of the homos in the group
well you figured wrong old man